Contributor area: Improve readme + feature policy (#943)
cert-manager/website: content/docs/contributing/policy.md

description: 'cert-manager contributing guide: Contribution Policy'
---

We love to receive both feature requests and PRs which add stuff to cert-manager; the community is at the heart of what we do!

If you're thinking of adding a feature, we recommend you read this doc to maximize the chances of your contribution getting the attention it deserves and hopefully to get it merged quickly!

We recommend creating an issue first for it to be discussed with the cert-manager maintainers. Another possibility is bringing it up in a community meeting discussion for an open discussion with the maintainers and community on the implementation.

## Feature Sizing: Getting Your Change Accepted

> We evaluate new features and PRs based on their size; either they're small or large.

Reviewer: Absolute nit: I guess it is also whether the change that they involve is 'significant' or not

Author: Yeah, that's worth saying explicitly, thanks!

for maintainers to review. A PR being small is a good thing; if you can down-scope your feature to make it smaller, we won't complain!

If you believe your feature is small, please feel free to just raise a PR and optionally also post a link to your PR in the [cert-manager-dev slack channel](./README.md#slack). Usually a sufficiently small PR can be merged without too much ceremony. If we think it's actually a larger piece of work, we'll let you know.

### Larger Features

If you're not sure whether your PR is small, or if you know it's bigger, you'll want to speak to us first before raising a PR. This
will help to ensure that your PR is something we're likely to merge to avoid wasting your time. It'll also make it easier
for us to do the design process.

Larger PRs should normally come with a design document. This doesn't need to be a huge piece of work; rather, it should specify
_why_ we'd want a given feature, _how_ it'll be implemented, and perhaps evaluate pros and cons. You can add this design in a

> GitHub [feature request](https://github.com/cert-manager/cert-manager/issues/new?assignees=&labels=&template=feature-request.md) or [bug report](https://github.com/cert-manager/cert-manager/issues/new?assignees=&labels=&template=bug.md).

Reviewer: Question: does this part essentially suggest that a design should be PRed to https://github.com/cert-manager/cert-manager/tree/master/design? (Which I thought was what we wanted)

Reviewer: I guess this is also where the design doc template would come in as there would be some generic things that all docs such docs should include (i.e whether this change involves an API change, whether it will be feature gated etc)

Author: It doesn't suggest that - it just says "raise an issue". I think PRing to the design folder might be a better shout, though.

I basically just suggested the thing that was the least friction for people here. But having this stuff versioned and reviewed through a PR is probably preferable! I'll update.

We may also have a video call or a discussion about a design document, with you included, so that we can plan how a feature should

> look. It'll be pretty informal and casual; we just want to make sure we're all on the same page!

Reviewer: Thought: upstream SIGs seem to discuss designs in their dev meetings and it looks like usually a person can just add a design to be discussed to the meeting notes (seems like usually after having had the PR with the design open for a little while to give maintainers a chance to take a look). Would it make sense for us to also do that?

Author: Yeah I'll call adding things to meeting notes as an option explicitly; nice suggestion, thanks :+1:

description: 'cert-manager contributing guide: Contribution Policy'
---

> We love to receive both feature requests and PRs which add stuff to cert-manager; the community is at the heart of what we do!

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
We love to receive both feature requests and PRs which improve to cert-manager; the community is at the heart of what we do!
```

I don't like the phrase "add stuff" (but also don't mind if it remains that much).

Author: Fair enough, I get it; will change :+1:

If you're thinking of adding a feature, we recommend you read this doc to maximize the chances of your contribution getting the attention it deserves and hopefully to get it merged quickly!

> We recommend creating an issue first for it to be discussed with the cert-manager maintainers. Another possibility is bringing it up in a community meeting discussion for an open discussion with the maintainers and community on the implementation.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
We recommend creating an issue first for it to be discussed with the cert-manager maintainers. Another possibility is bringing it up in a community meeting for an open discussion with the maintainers and community on the implementation.
```

Repeating the word discussion so close together seems clumsy. Maybe repeating community is also unnecessary?

Author: Yeah this was definitely an editing mistake on my part, good catch :+1: Fixed!
